-It's just a bandage replacement.
-No, Bok.
It's a no, okay?
Dara, bring her back to the hospital.
You don't get to tell me what to do.
And I won't lose the person I love again.
You're wrong about me.
I am the same Mikoy you know.
Goodbye,
Mr. Michael "Mikoy" D. Pinagpala!
Looks like they came through here.
Copy, Agent Sianong.
Now what?
Can we talk now?
Call EMS. Call EMS now.
Hello?
What?
Why are you staring at me?
Why?
Are you judging me? You're judging me?
Are you going to say I'm greedy?
That I'm fat?
Well, I deserve this, okay?
I deserve to stress-eat.
Because of all the stress
you've brought into my life.
And I need this.
I need this
because you're a lying bastard!
Wait a second.
Am I the only one
who lied in this relationship?
who kept secrets between us?
You did too!
You've been hiding a lot too!
So I, deserve to stress-eat too.
This!
Got it.
You know what?
You've been so mean to me.
Seriously, you're awful!
You almost got me killed tonight.
Why me?
You're the government snitch between us.
Snitch?
It's called being a police asset.
What's wrong with you?
That's the same thing, idiot!
"Idiot"? At least I'm not a killer.
Okay?
Just shut up and eat.
What am I doing?
You know?
In all fairness, we managed
to find a hidden gem.
Or maybe food just tastes better
after surviving death.
Sorry.
Okay.
Now…
that we've eaten,
how about you start telling me everything?
Now.
No secrets.
No more lies.
Can you do that?
Okay.
Let's start.
From the beginning.
Okay.
You really want to know everything?
Fine.
Let's start from the very beginning.
Where it all truly began.
Go on. Let's push it.
Take a deep breath. Then push it.
Ouch!
What?
-Are you messing with me?
-What?
No!
-Do you think this is a joke?
-Ouch!
Come on. It was just a joke!
You can't take a joke. I was only kidding.
And in this situation,
you're still making jokes?
Sorry!
When I said
start from the beginning,
I didn't mean start from the beginning
since the day you were born!
Okay.
It was just a joke.
That hurts.
That's Mikoy and Chiara. Let's get them.
No, let's go.
Come on. You're acting
like it hurts that much.
Are you a rookie?
It's not like you didn't take
all those punches from me earlier.
It's just that this is the first time
I've reacted to all the punches
and kicks you gave me earlier.
You're unbelievable!
You turned me into half boyfriend,
half punching bag.
That hurts!
Why are you looking at me like that?
What are we going to do?
As I've said, let's go.
Let's just let them be.
Agent Dara, do you trust me?
Ma'am…
Then trust me on this.
We'll leave them alone.
We'll leave them tonight.
And don't you dare report this to anyone.
Not even to Sianong.
That's my order.
Is that clear?
Loud and clear, ma'am.
Now, go.
Are you staring at my face because
you are trying to figure out
where you'll punch me next?
Is that it?
No.
You just look cute when you eat.
You leave so much food behind,
like a little kid.
I really do look cute when I eat.
People say I'm like a baby.
Wow!
How sweet of you.
Wiping something off my lips
and everything.
When just a while ago,
you looked like you wanted
to fill my body with bullets.
You know,
your mood swings are pretty intense.
Literally deadly.
For your information,
this isn't a mood swing.
I'm not hormonal right now.
Do you really think
if I intended to kill you,
you'd still be alive?
You'd still be sitting there
pouting at me like that?
Just get his statement.
Okay.
Send EMS over here.
There are still injured people here, okay?
What time did all of this start exactly?
How many people did you see come here?
Hello, Agent Sianong?
Hello, Dara. How are you?
Have you arrived at the hospital yet?
We're five minutes away.
We're almost there.
How's Alex doing?
Agent Alex is asleep.
I told her to get some rest
while we're on the way.
Okay, okay.
That's good.
How are things there?
Well, we've found the place
where it looks like Mikoy
and La Fornarina fought.
Looks like the fight
between the two was intense.
But we're still gathering information
and securing the area, also the evidence.
But unfortunately,
we haven't found
any trace of where Mikoy is.
Or even Chiara.
Are you still looking for them, sir?
Yes.
I've already sent out a sweeper team
just to spread out further
and see if they can find
any more traces of Chiara and Mikoy.
But the real reason I called
was just to check on you.
I will give you
a briefing tomorrow, I promise.
But for now,
please just make sure Alex will be okay.
I'm really angry at you,
yes.
But do you really think I'd just kill you
without hearing your side?
Do you think I'm that shallow?
No matter what you say,
you can't change the fact
that you cheated on me
and lied to me.
So now I'm going to let you
explain yourself.
And after your explanation,
I'll decide whether I'll kill you or not.
That's a lot of pressure.
What is this? An impromptu thesis defense?
I don't even give chances to others.
This is your only chance.
Okay.
Okay, listen.
Okay?
What? You're taking forever!
All right, here it goes!
No hurting.
Promise?
Okay.
So here's the thing.
You know what?
Just ask me whatever you want to know,
so that way, I'll know
exactly what to answer.
Sounds good?
Okay.
So when I first met you in Prague,
were you already a police asset then?
Had you already trained?
What about your charm?
Did you train that too?
So I'd kiss you right away?
Of course not!
What do I look like to you?
Do I look like a cop?
Or some action star?
Well, after those moves
you pulled on me earlier,
yes, you kind of do
look like an action star.
Whatever!
I just happened to run into you there.
Everything about when we first met, okay,
all of it was real.
That was all me.
I wasn't a police asset yet.
You didn't know me before that?
No.
So… are you saying
we're just two perfect strangers
who met and fell in love with each other?
Exactly.
When I met you,
I felt so at ease.
You know what I thought?
What good thing
could I have done in my life
to meet a woman
who, besides being beautiful,
has a generous heart like yours?
But of course,
you're not a cough
for me to be an expectorant.
So I didn't get my hopes up.
I was just a lowly waiter back then.
And I wasn't even from Prague.
I honestly thought
that would be the first
and last time I'd ever see you.
But…
But?
You're like a rare Pokémon.
You just suddenly appear
when I'm not ready for it.
And then you even kissed me.
Wow!
You kissed me too!
Of course that's how I felt back then.
Like you needed someone with you.
And of course, the kiss
was a nice bonus, right?
Well, you're not wrong.
How was I supposed to know
you like to kiss?
Come on.
Any follow-up questions?
It's true, though.
Because my Czech crew
was ambushed by a Russian mob.
Wait a minute.
So that means…
you had just come from a fight?
No.
After we visited the zoo, was when I…
Wait a minute.
That means…
our kiss gave you an energy boost
to fight off those Russian mobsters?
I knew it!
You flatter yourself too much!
You're unbelievable.
You know?
You're a good kisser.
-Just?
-But!
You're only around top-five-ish.
Wow!
Just top-five-ish only?
Is that so?
Well, top five is fine.
At least there's room
for improvement, right?
All I know is I won't stop
until I'm number one on your list.
You're so full of yourself!
When were you recruited by GAGO?
Okay, here we go.
It started
the day after your bald father
had me kidnapped.
Man, you go with us.
Sir, wait, please.
And then,
the day after we officially
became a couple,
that was when I first met
Agent Alex and Agent Sianong.
-I'm sorry.
-I'm Special Agent Alexandria Cortez.
And I'm afraid
you'll have to come with me,
Mr. Mikoy D. Pinagpala.
Remember when I told you
my brother got arrested?
That was because of them.
They set him up,
so I'd be forced to accept their mission.
So they forced you?
At first.
But of course,
there came a point
where I convinced myself that…
this was the right thing to do.
Actually, Chiara, even now,
I still keep convincing myself that…
as long as I work for the agency,
I can protect you from your family.
In this world of yours.
That's why I've been doing all this.
But you know,
it feels like this mission
is consuming me.
Every day, my heart grows
heavier and heavier.
Because I know
I haven't been honest
with the person I love.
Because I wasn't honest with you either.
Mikoy.
I just didn't want you
to see this side of me.
I was terrified that you'd find out.
Because this side of me
isn't easy to love.
Chiara, don't ever say that.
Okay?
We all deserve to love.
Especially you.
Mikoy.
Stop making a fool of me.
Chiara.
You're not the fool here, okay?
Hey. I am.
Because despite everything
I've learned about you,
Chiara, my feelings for you
haven't changed at all.
If that's what you call foolish,
then yes,
I must be the biggest fool in the world.
And I'll accept that.
How long have you known
everything about me?
Just yesterday.
Just kidding.
I've felt it for a long time.
I've been suspicious for a while.
But I ignored it.
Actually, even back then,
I never really cared who you were.
Chiara, I don't care about your past,
your present, or your future.
Because the truth is,
there's only one thing I want.
I just want to be with you.
Chiara, I'm sorry.
No kissing allowed here.
Can't you read?
Really?
Here.
Well,
Mr. Pinagpala.
There's one more thing
you don't know about me.
What's that?
The thing about me is…
I don't really care
whether it's forbidden or wrong,
because all I know is,
I love you so much.
Is there anything we can do for you?
Wait, time out!